hey we are making
unpruned a our dried fruits ladoo with
the edible gum this is really a
superfood for the nursing mother since
it has a dried fruits and nuts dried
fruits like raisins and dried dates
provides enough iron to the body and the
almonds provides a protein also it's
very tasty and very easy to make and the
ingredients we need for making this
unknown day of this dried fruit the dew
are 25 all months five to six you to
take our dried dates each one is cut
into four to five pieces we have 3 tbsp
of edible gum if you have a bigger
pieces crush this into a smaller pieces
like this this is what the package looks
like it says edible Gump 1/2 cup
shredded dry coconut or Cobre around 3
tbsp of ghee 1 tbsp poppy seeds or
gus-gus a 2 tablespoon of raisins 1/2
cup packed powder jaggery we may need 1
to 2 tbsp of water first I am going to
heat this pan on a medium heat and dry
roast the poppy seeds once this pan is
hot enough add this this is a our poppy
seeds you can hear this pop instant
then you get the nice aroma
thanks very 12 another bounce now keep
this pan back on the stove now I am
going to fry these nuts and dried fruits
separately so I am adding little by
little each time and let this be on a
low flame and now I am adding this vadym
our almonds fry these almonds until all
the almonds pops up near these almonds
are done these are puffed up now I am
going to transfer it onto a paper towel
now add little ghee to fry the races and
I can take all the raisins for sure now
you can see all these raisins are puffed
up transfer this onto a paper towel now
fry the date
now these dates are done it's kind of
puffed up and it turned its color
don't make it too black going to take
this onto a paper towel just wipe this
fan with a paper towel and now I'm
keeping this back again and I have
little more ghee this time because we
are frying this edible gum can you fry
this in the game it buffs up like a
podcast so and little by little or is
you have to use a lot of ghee so Stan
adding little by little it's up
like a pass one like this so take this
out onto a paper towel now you can add
little more ghee I like that
continue to try this until all them now
I am done with the frying all edible
numb and our tbsp of ghee left now I
have this pride gum I have this it's
still bit one so it let it cool
completely before we make it into a
powder the other way you can do is you
can cut into small pieces and then fry
it and make it but this is the easiest
way where you can fry it a hole and then
you powder it and we'll make the ladoos
now it is cooled completely just pulse
and make on course Roger now I have this
coarse powder I am going to transfer
this powder to the roasted a poppy seeds
do this I am going to add dried coconut
and also this side dum and mix it well
and keep it ready before you make that
come jazzy Buddha we don't have to crush
this into powder so this giant will mix
it
again I'm going to wipe this game now I
am going to melt 3/4 tbsp of ghee on a
medium heat once it is melted I am going
to add this powdered jaggery so make
sure you powder the jaggery and let it
be on a low flame now I am going to add
a tablespoon of water and let it boil
and this Dively has to melt completely
now this set up is bubbling and it's
ready to check this when you add a drop
of syrup into the water it should not
dissolve in the water so that is the
consistency we should look for another
way you can check this syrup is
touchless it up with your finger and you
have to get this thread consistency and
I am going to add this set up to this
mix it will be too hot so mix it with
the spoon first grease your hand mix
with your hand every take around 2
tablespoon of this mix and make a round
ball shape and you have to do it when it
is warm if it if it cools down
completely it's hard to make up letõs we
can make around 12 to 14 letters with
the measurement I have given so hope you
enjoy making this and for more recipes
please visit our website at
www.koozai.com
oh thank you